Terrible customer service	1	#citibank called me back after the tedious process I went thru to submit a complaint on that blardy rude call centre staff 
Worst credit card	2	#citibank creditcard service sucks big time .
Phone services	3	#citibank telephone banking sucks
Credit / Loans	4	"#news #mortgage Bad Credit Unsecured Personal Loans ý Chase , Citi , Capital One But No Bank of America Offers in May …"
IVR system	5	#VB2 : Having nightmare with Citibank IVR system .
Trade	6	&quot;The bank [ #citi ] said it has no evidence of a bad trade but is investigating the situation&quot ; CNBC
Worst credit card	7	: Welcome to Tanzania ! ý Citibank Poor Credit Cards
Thieves (fee)	8	"@AdamCSmith good idea ! chase and citibank have been the worst blood suckers for me , and I will be done with them real soon !"
Terrible customer service	9	@BillMcCabe I 've been going rounds with Comcast and Verizon customer service reps all week . I 've heard bad things about Citibank too .
Increase Annual Percentage Rate (APR)	10	"@bksoulstarr citibank is horrible , increased my apr from 2.9 to 29.9 - freakin insanity ! ! "
Thieves (fee)	11	@blah_blah_idc smdh I 'm about to call Obama and tell him to tell Citibank stop with the fucking overdraft fees ! ! !
Worst credit card	12	"@charlestrippy The problem with Blippy reportedly impacts Citibank Mastercard holders , and no others . Still , a bad bug "
Terrible customer service	13	@citibank customer service poor
Terrible customer service	14	@citibank has the absolute worst customer service .
Terrible customer service	15	"@fredlyfriendly #citibank has terrible customer service , high fees , and crappy management #MOVEYOURMONEY !"
Bad internet service	16	"@kelkel18 oh , I do . but citibank has a terrible website "
Terrible customer service	17	@kellipoliska The worst Customer Service experience I ever received was definitely #Citibank
Credit / Loans	18	"@libreriasjosue very bad service ... CITI bank is charging for everything , canceling credit lines , making people crazy !"
Thieves (fee)	18	"@libreriasjosue very bad service ... CITI bank is charging for everything , canceling credit lines , making people crazy !"
Bad experience	20	@meetshriram Had worse experience with HSBC Bangalore and Citibank Bangalore during inward remittances .. shifted to SBI Banks in India #fail
Bad experience	21	@Miss_PrisPris ... Had bad experinces with citi ..
Bad experience	22	@OurDesignedLife honestly they are all shysters had bad expw/ hsbc - chase - boa - citibank - washmutual ...
Terrible customer service	23	"@poojster very bad citi bank ke employees se ab yeh kaam karate hai , clowns pathetic @mac_outlaws"
Worst credit card	24	@tiniestkitten dude sheer fucking luck and my coworker 's Citibank card .
Bad internet service	25	3reason why I refuse XPlor-Citibank promo : 1 . Their telemarketer is annoying ; 2 
Fraud detection	27	Almost had a heart attack looking at my Citibank Student Loan account . Turns out it was a false alarm 
Credit / Loans	28	"Analysts Reports Show Continuing Concern About Bad Loans at Citibank ( NYSE : C ) , Bank of America Corp. ( NYSE : BAC ) , ..."
Switch bank	29	And blow up and disappear to nothing . I 'm going to fucking chase ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Thieves (fee)	30	Annoyed by citibank 's fees and lack of benefits .
Thieves (fee)	31	annoyed that Citibank US is charging me $5 to resend a tax form I never got .
Credit / Loans	32	Bad Credit Car Loans Related Article | Card Citibank Credit : Bad credit remortgage is the artefact for you if you ...
Credit / Loans	33	Bad Credit Car Loans Related Article | Card Citibank Credit : I am sure your quest for Bad Credit Car Loans has com ..
Credit / Loans	34	Bad Credit Cash Loans : Beat your Financial Crises | Card Citibank …
Credit / Loans	35	Bad Credit Cash Loans Online : Fast Cash in Need | Card Citibank Credit : Bad Credit Cash Loans Online : An Introduct ...
Credit / Loans	36	bad credit loans | Card Citibank Credit
Credit / Loans	37	"Bad Credit Unsecured Personal Loans ý Chase , Citi , Capital One But No Bank of ..."
Credit / Loans	38	"Bad Credit Unsecured Personal Loans ý Chase , Citi , Capital One But No Bank of ... : Bad credit unsecured personal l ..."
Credit / Loans	39	"Bad Credit Unsecured Personal Loans ý Chase , Citi , Capital One But No Bank of America Offers in May 2010 : Bad cred …"
Fraud detection	40	Bad news : Somebody in Hawaii charged porn to my credit card .
Interest rate	41	BAD PROFITS by Citibank 
Trade	42	Bali News - Almost 1 Trillion USD lost when markets dipped 9% few hours ago . on possible erroneous trade made by rumored Citi Bank traders
Switch bank	43	"Bank of America approved my application ! See ya later , Citibank , you fucking crooks !"
Terrible customer service	44	Bodo lah CITIBANK ! Your service is CRAP ! ! ! !
Terrible customer service	45	Breaking Now ! Terrible service : I HAD a Citibank supplementary credit card under my father 's name but I rarely use ...
Terrible customer service	46	"But their systems are so archaic , that they are customer unfriendly .. #citibank #fail"
Terrible customer service	47	"by the way , never bank with Citi for any reason , unless you like a 30% interest rate and awful customer service "
Phone services	48	calling citibank to check the balance on a gift card . this line really sucks 
Fraud detection	49	Can anyone confirm ? #Citibank #security #dataloss #fail #rumor #rumour
Credit / Loans	50	Car loan for the new and old ý Citibank Poor Credit Cards
Credit / Loans	51	"Car loan for the new and old ý Citibank Poor Credit Cards : In India , auto loans for new cars , used cars and car pa .."
Not so bad(suck but gives money)	52	christinagan What are you switching to ? CitiBank sucks but they did not even ask why I was closing just gave me my money 
Switch bank	53	"Citi card acct closed ; going through the last steps to close down Citi current acct ; then , I ' ll be free of the big bad bank ."
Terrible customer service	54	citibank #fail .... Worst customer experience ! ! ! !
Incorrect/lack information	55	"Citibank , thank you for giving me wrong information so I walked all the way to the branch with all my change ..."
Incorrect/lack information	56	"Citibank , Thanks for letting me know you sent me a new card ( wrong address ) making the one in my wallet unusable &amp ; you know , fuck yourselves"
Bad internet service	57	"Citibank , your student loan site is awful ."
Thieves (fee)	58	Citibank : killing CRM daily . Failing to waive my $40 annual fee just kicked off 3 phone calls and a mailbox full of junk 
Terrible customer service	59	Citibank : your customer service sucks .
Worst credit card	60	"Citibank ? ? ? ? ? ? 2010 , 3 ý Citibank Poor Credit Cards"
Fraud detection	61	Citibank are ninjas at catching fraudulent charges .
Thieves (fee)	62	Citibank bankers are accused of deceiving customers with the sale of Lehman Bros products 
Credit / Loans	63	"Citibank blocks iPad purchase for &quot;possible fraud&quot ; , but did not have a problem allowing 4k in charges to a remote S. African resort #fail"
Fraud detection	64	"citibank called to advise me to lower my credit limit , on a gold card I 've NEVER used , to protect me in tough econ times &amp ; from fraud #fail"
Worst credit card	65	"Citibank card declined again , $40 dinner in SF , guess I broke the bank , gave them my Chase card instead #Citibank #fail"
Thieves (fee)	66	Citibank charges a monthly fee on us poor people 
Terrible customer service	67	Citibank credit card customer service sucks beyond belief 
Worst credit card	67	Citibank credit card customer service sucks beyond belief 
Worst credit card	69	Citibank Credit Cards - What Weve Got Here is ý Failure to Communicate 
Worst credit card	70	Citibank cut my card for 3 days due to &quot;inappropriate/Illegal&quot ; usage . I do not remember purchasing inappropriate items ..
Fraud detection	71	Citibank Fraud detection absolutely sucks 
Worst credit card	72	citibank has the worst credit cards ever .
Worst credit card	73	CitiBank Identity Theft Commercial ý Citibank Poor Credit Cards
Thieves (fee)	74	Citibank is my mortgage company . Well my past two pays were real crappy d/t taking care of family …
Terrible customer service	75	Citibank is such a terrible bank with terrible customer service .
Worst credit card	76	Citibank MasterCard is the worst credit card I 've ever had Do not trust the bank that never sleeps Lack of sleep makes it grumpy Dump Citi
Not so bad(suck but gives money)	77	"Citibank may be picking my pocket w/fees , but their fraud dept. is on the job . The bad news is I 'm out an ATM card until Saturday "
Phone services	78	CitiBank phone banking very slow ...
Terrible customer service	79	Citibank 's hotline is useless ..
Bad internet service	80	Citibank 's internet banking is a usability disaster area 
Bad internet service	81	"Citibank 's internet banking is a usability disaster area . Coincidentally , it 's also a functionality disaster area "
Incorrect/lack information	82	Citibank sends me an annual Credit Card spending summary yet fails to list any of their 
Bad internet service	83	citibank site is getting on my nerves 
Bad internet service	84	"citibank_co_in does not allow you to login again , immediately after logout , unless you close your browser and restart it . #citibank #fail"
Bad internet service	85	"Dear #citibank , your website sucks because it does not allow me to view my statements on my mac because it will not detect acrobat reader"
Fraud detection	86	"Dear @citibank , thanks for blocking my card for my own safety . Be in another country without any fucking money is super safe"
Terrible customer service	87	Do not ever take out any TJX credit card . It has the worst customer service .
Worst credit card	87	Do not ever take out any TJX credit card . It has the worst customer service .
Credit / Loans	89	ECR Citibank credit report information is reliable ? ý Citibank Poor ý : Citibank offers customers the opportunity t ...
Fraud detection	90	Fraudulent Websites Alert - Citi Trust Bank Of Ghana
Credit / Loans	91	Free Credit Report ? Learn The Shocking Truth !
opt-outs on balance transfer	92	Frustrating that Citibank continues to ignore 3 opt-outs on balance transfer cks. Next stop ?
Interest rate	93	Fuck you Citibank for slashing the interest rate on my savings account to 0.9% from the 3.5% when I joined 2 years ago 
Terrible customer service	94	Fucking hate citibank and their fucking lying officers 
Terrible customer service	95	Fucking hate citibank and their fucking lying officers . FUCKING LIARS 
Not so bad(suck but gives money)	96	Got my euros ! : D but I 'm super disappointed with citibank !
Terrible customer service	97	GRRR ... Citibank has the most annoying customer service !
Thieves (fee)	98	Happily sending me late charge fee even when I paid off my card bills . This is the fucking 3rd time
Worst credit card	99	Hating Citibank ... they 've made some changes to their credit card systems and it is a nightmare of epic proportions .
Terrible customer service	100	Having a sunrise at c bean m Kiara . Cooling off after arguing w incompetent pol at citibank damansara perdana
IVR system	101	Having nightmare with Citibank IVR system
Terrible customer service	102	heard a recording at work . great to know that citibank 's upper management are a bunch of rude pricks .
Switch bank	103	Hello credit union ... good bye fucking #citibank !
Credit / Loans	104	Home Loan - georgia bad credit home loan on Shine : georgia bad credit home loan citi bank home equity loan home lo .
Credit / Loans	105	Home Loan - georgia bad credit home loan on Shine : georgia bad credit home loan citi bank home equity loan home lo ...
Terrible customer service	106	"hsbc #fail : inept customer service reps &amp ; NOT a &quot;global&quot ; bank , intl wire transfers are a nightmare . poor boo "
Terrible customer service	107	"I can not believe Citibank just called me for a $20 dollar charge that happens every month , but did not call me tues for that crazy purchase .."
Phone services	108	I HATE CITIBANK ! What 's the pt of keying in the Phone banking pin when they still have to ask you 5 fucking verification questions ?
Bad internet service	109	I have been trying to login since today evening .. #citibank #fail
Terrible customer service	110	I joined Twitter just so that I could tell people how UNHELPFUL AND TERRIBLE CITIBANK IS .
Thieves (fee)	111	I just found out that my bank has been charging me $25 a month for a ' service fee ' . what the heck ! ?
Terrible customer service	112	I love it when a company gives me awful service and then sends me a satisfaction survey 
Terrible customer service	113	I really hate Citibank though we 've been their long-time client . Service is mediocre at best 
Terrible customer service	114	"I said wrong number and hung up . economy so bad , you hire dyslexics ?"
Terrible customer service	115	I think Citibank Philippines has a lousy call center .
Terrible customer service	116	I think Citibank Philippines has a lousy call center . I always get unprofessional customer service reps when I call them 
Terrible customer service	117	I trusted it for 5 yrs and still .. it 's the worst customer exp 
Thieves (fee)	118	I 've been annoyed with citibank since e Annual Fees fiasco .
Terrible customer service	119	I 've just been a victim at Citibank . #customersrevice #fail
Terrible customer service	120	idiot from citibank called asking for CASTILA . I said wrong number and hung up 
Worst credit card	121	IndianOil Citibank Titanium Credit Card - #citibank can tell the criteria for applying credit card even before filling out online form #fail
Incorrect/lack information	122	interesting error msg from #citibank Am I logged in or logged out ? #ux #usability #fail
Chauvinism	123	is disappointed to find out that even in 2010 #Citibank treats wives as second-class customers right under their husbands 
Fraud detection	124	"It would appear that somebody in France was using my credit card info . Luckily , CitiBank protects against fraudulent baguette charges "
Switch bank	125	"jesus , I may switch to chase sapphire simply bc citibank is annoying the hell out of me with not allowing me to skip to customer "
Terrible customer service	126	JRL is Sheikh-ing an Indian translator to help communicate by phone with the incompetent fucks at Citibank before ' He throws the towel in ' 
Terrible customer service	127	Just left Citibank Gold - Useless bunch .
Interest rate	128	just logged on to my credit card account to find my rate unexpectedly jumped 4% .
strange transactions	129	Make sure you check your bill statement every month . They might add strange transactions to yr acct !
Bad experience	131	meetshriram Had worse experience with HSBC Bangalore and Citibank Bangalore during inward remittances ..
account is all screwed up	132	my citibank account is all screwed up and my house was broken into over the weekend .
Terrible customer service	133	Need to find out which @citibank branch does currency exchange in #nyc ? Expect to wait 20 minutes and be told to go to New Haven Ct. #fail
Terrible customer service	134	Nice ! Customer service was useless .
Terrible customer service	135	Nice . Dumped Citibank cards after years for poor customer service .
Terrible customer service	136	"No , I do not understand why a manager can not call me back . #citibank #fail"
Terrible customer service	137	No customer service at Citibank . Lack of phone access to human .
Bad internet service	138	no way to email or phone Citi 's techies to say their security cert on part of the web site has been failing for days - dbl #Citibank #fail
Interest rate	139	Not only does citibank fund more coal power plants than any other bank - they raise your interest rates &amp ; have terrible customer service .
Terrible customer service	139	Not only does citibank fund more coal power plants than any other bank - they raise your interest rates &amp ; have terrible customer service .
Credit / Loans	141	Obama Sued Citibank Under CRA to Force it to Make Bad Loans : Do you remember how we told you that the Democrats an ...
Bad internet service	142	"Oh Citibank , why 'd you change the format of your website ? And whats up with these annoying advertisements sprinkled into my CC statement ? !"
Worst credit card	143	"oh wow I thought the m1 citibank was crap , the Tangs card has NOTHING in the CTB Rewards ..."
Switch bank	144	"Ok jst was on the phone w citibank for a 1/2 hour trying to figure a bank charge , I think its time to switch banks , anyone ?"
Terrible customer service	145	Old news but citibank 's customer service sucks ....
Incorrect/lack information	146	Omg finally Citibank has sent me the correct PIN . They sent me the wrong PIN 2 times ! 
Worst credit card	147	OMG Suzi Orman just confirmed . Citibank has the worst credit card percents 
Terrible customer service	148	"On the phone with Citi bank credit card customer service , horrible customer service , rude support person "
Worst credit card	149	"one credit card balance paid off . take your exorbitant rates and shove them up your ass , citibank !"
Annoying peddlers	150	Petron not so much . Whats annoying about shell : citibank credit card peddlers 
Trade	151	plus w exon ! All I can say is that poor citibank trader : (
Bad experience	152	"Really disappointed at #Citibank , one late payment ( 4 days ) in 3 years after moving from CA to NY and credit line cut by 50% !"
Thieves (fee)	153	Really upset with @citibank new fee policy 
Incorrect/lack information	154	Received Citibank acknowledgment in envelope with Credit Card # in clear-text against my name in addressee window . Clear cut risk #citi #fail
Bad experience	155	RT @airplanetalk : @meetshriram Had worse experience with HSBC Bangalore and Citibank Bangalore during inward remittances ..
Bad experience	156	RT @airplanetalk : @meetshriram Had worse experience with HSBC Bangalore and Citibank Bangalore during inward remittances .. shifted to SBI Banks in India #fail
Thieves (fee)	157	RT @DeziraeB : So Citi Bank is dead ass charging $7.50 a month ? 
Terrible customer service	158	"RT @FredlyFriendly : @fredlyfriendly #citibank has terrible customer service , high fees , and crappy management #MOVEYOURMONEY !"
Incorrect/lack information	159	RT @harikrishnanc interesting error msg from #citibank Am I logged in or logged out ? #ux #usability #fail
Credit / Loans	160	RT @jeff_lamarche : Fucking citibank declined my iPad payment because it looked &quot;suspicious&quot ; 
Thieves (fee)	161	RT @MoveYourMoney : Ridiculous RT @SpecKK : Citibank charges a $1 balance inquiry fee on top of the $1.5+$3 ATM withdrawal fee ?
Not so bad(suck but gives money)	162	"RT @stevekruskamp : Citi , USAA [ and 1st Mariner Bank ] Execs Share Social Media Best Practices - ( not bad company ! )"
Fraud detection	163	"RT @workforfood : Dear @citibank , thanks 4 blocking my card for my own safety . Be in another country without any fucking money is super safe"
Fraud detection	164	RT fraud department in Bank of America sucks @JAY_DOLLA_STOCK : #Shoutout to #citibank goin to 4.49 to 4.93 in ( cont )
Thieves (fee)	165	SCAMS : Citibank Scam ! ! ! ! : Scam are not always the actions of some anonymous bad guy .
Bad internet service	166	Site Warning : There is too much unnecessary information on this banking site Citibank_com
Worst credit card	167	"Small changes , big results : 5 things that marketers can now ... : Citibank Poor Credit Cards apply now for citibank .."
Thieves (fee)	168	So Citi Bank is dead ass charging $7.50 a month ? 
Incorrect/lack information	169	"So Citibank enter an incorrect amt compared to my chq ; chq goes back , they ask me to pay online , which I do , then they represent that chq ? !"
Terrible customer service	170	Some say &quot;never piss off a writer.&quot ; CitiBank 's lack co-operation is proof why you should not . We ' ll write bad reviews then 
Worst credit card	172	Stupid ntuc do not accept citibank visa now I have to redraw $150 my stuff as I did not bring my DBS card .... Argh fucking waste my time 
Terrible customer service	173	"Take a number , wait your fucking turn ."
Credit / Loans	174	TAX-CREDITS gives &quot;Real Estate investing&quot ; a FALSE sense of WEALTH.#Socialmedia #Nation #World #Digguser @slate #Icon #TPP #RS #Citibank #CSR
Fraud detection	175	"Thank you Citibank for the putting a false alarm fraud hold on my CC account and blocking legit transactions , 2nd time in 2 wks. #FAIL"
Fraud detection	176	Thanks Citibank for the 3RD false alarm fraud alert in 2 weeks .
Bad internet service	177	There is one benefit to Citibank 's TERRIBLE website 
Worst credit card	178	"this is citi bank , Sir you have failed to pay $200 dollars on your credit card bill .........."
Switch bank	179	Time to shop for a bank . RT @sarahlynnpablo : Citibank : your customer service sucks .
Terrible customer service	179	Time to shop for a bank . RT @sarahlynnpablo : Citibank : your customer service sucks .
Switch bank	181	Time to switch to Umpqua Bank RT @davidburn : Worst Company In America 2010 : Bank of America VS Citibank
Terrible customer service	182	Today I realized that Citibank sucks ! Their customer service is horrible .
Credit / Loans	183	"Upset with Citibank 's credit protector program , what a SHAM !"
Terrible customer service	184	Ver bad customer response by #Citibank #fail ! ! ! !
Worst credit card	185	"Welcome to Tanzania ! ý Citibank Poor Credit Cards : Credit cards are accepted in hotels and restaurants , some very .."
Worst credit card	186	Welcome to Tanzania ! ý Citibank Poor Credit Cards : The city is divided into four different areas : the &quot;center&quot ; is ..
Worst credit card	187	"Welcome to Tanzania ! ý Citibank Poor Credit Cards : There are more than 30 banks with Barclay 's , Standard Chartered .."
Thieves (fee)	189	Whats wrong @ citibank .. charging $$ for checking a/c now .
Worst credit card	190	where can I get a credit card with bad credit ?
Credit / Loans	191	Why did Professor Obama force Citi Bank to give bad loans to minorities ?
Credit / Loans	192	Why did Professor Obama sue Citi Bank to force them to give bad loans ?
Terrible customer service	193	Why do I need to verify my nric with the fucking telemarketer frm citibank to remove my mobile frm their calling list ? ? ?
Incorrect/lack information	194	Why do not citibank have their number on the ATM #fail
Trade	195	Why is Citi Bank even allowed traders exactly ? What a mess of a firm .
Terrible customer service	196	why is it so hard to get in touch with the Citibank customer service personnel ? or am I calling the wrong number ?
Terrible customer service	197	Worst experience with #Citibank service ...
Interest rate	198	Wow Citibank sure has the worst interest rates ever
Trade	199	wow some dumba** at citibank supposedly entered in 3 extra zero 's in a sell trade and caused the market to explode today #FAIL
Interest rate	200	Wtf ... #citibank playing FUCKING GAMES wit my interest ... !
Thieves (fee)	300	Citibank charges a monthly fee on us poor people .
Fraud detection	301	Holy crap . Citi Bank is treating EVERY Apple Store purchase as possibly fraudulent today .
Fraud detection	302	Holy crap . Citi Bank is treating EVERY Apple Store purchase as possibly fraudulent today .
Chauvinism	304	is disappointed to find out that even in 2010 #Citibank treats wives as second-class customers right under their husbands .
Terrible customer service	305	"On the phone with Citi bank credit card customer service , horrible customer service , rude support person ."
Bad internet service	307	citibank site is getting on my nerves .
Terrible customer service	308	apart frm tt annoying announcer frm citibank .
Terrible customer service	309	apart frm tt annoying announcer frm citibank . tis job aint tt bad .
Phone services	310	"jesus , I may switch to chase sapphire simply bc citibank is annoying the hell out of me with not allowing me to skip to customer service"
Switch bank	310	"jesus , I may switch to chase sapphire simply bc citibank is annoying the hell out of me with not allowing me to skip to customer service"
Phone services	311	"jesus , I may switch to chase sapphire simply bc citibank is annoying the hell out of me with not allowing me to skip to customer service"
Switch bank	311	"jesus , I may switch to chase sapphire simply bc citibank is annoying the hell out of me with not allowing me to skip to customer service"
Bad internet service	312	"Oh Citibank , why 'd you change the format of your website ? And whats up with these annoying advertisements sprinkled into my CC statement ? !"
Incorrect/lack information	313	Citibank sends me an annual Credit Card spending summary yet fails to list any of their ( for .
Phone services	314	"No , I do not understand why a manager can not call me back . #citibank #fail"
Not so bad(suck but gives money)	315	@christinagan What are you switching to ? CitiBank sucks but they did not even ask why I was closing just gave me my money .
Increase Annual Percentage Rate (APR)	319	"@bksoulstarr citibank is horrible , increased my apr from 2.9 to 29.9 - freakin insanity ! ! !"
Thieves (fee)	321	Whats wrong @ citibank .. charging $$ for checking a/c now ...
Terrible customer service	322	Fucking hate citibank and their fucking lying officers .
Terrible customer service	323	Fucking hate citibank and their fucking lying officers . FUCKING LIARS .
Fraud detection	324	My credit card got hacked ! : I received a phone call from Citibank this morning and got shocked out of my chair .
Thieves (fee)	327	So Citi Bank is dead ass charging $7.50 a month ? !
Thieves (fee)	328	RT @DeziraeB : So Citi Bank is dead ass charging $7.50 a month ? !
Interest rate	329	Fuck you Citibank for slashing the interest rate on my savings account to 0.9% from the 3.5% when I joined 2 years ago .
Phone services	335	CitiBank phone banking very slow ....
Annoying peddlers	336	Petron not so much . Whats annoying about shell : citibank credit card peddlers .
Worst credit card	337	Citibank MasterCard is the worst credit card I 've ever had Do not trust the bank that never sleeps Lack of sleep makes it grumpy Dump Citi
Worst credit card	338	Citibank MasterCard is the worst credit card I 've ever had Do not trust the bank that never sleeps Lack of sleep makes it grumpy Dump Citi
Annoying advertising	342	Citibank ad blitz annoying me .
Not so bad(suck but gives money)	343	Got my euros ! : D but I 'm super disappointed with citibank !
Terrible customer service	344	"hsbc #fail : inept customer service reps &amp;amp ; NOT a &amp;quot;global&amp;quot ; bank , intl wire transfers are a nightmare . poor boo ."
Not so bad(suck but gives money)	346	"Citibank may be picking my pocket w/fees , but their fraud dept. is on the job . The bad news is I 'm out an ATM card until Saturday ."
Bad internet service	347	There is one benefit to Citibank 's TERRIBLE website .
Fraud detection	348	Citibank Fraud detection absolutely sucks .
Bad internet service	349	"@kelkel18 , I do . but citibank has a terrible website ."
Terrible customer service	351	Worst experience with #Citibank service ....
Terrible customer service	352	Ver bad customer response by #Citibank #fail ! ! ! !
Terrible customer service	354	I trusted it for 5 yrs and still .. it 's the worst customer exp .
Terrible customer service	355	citibank #fail .... Worst customer experience ! ! ! !
Interest rate	357	Wow Citibank sure has the worst interest rates ever .
Terrible customer service	361	I trusted it for 5 yrs and still .. it 's the worst customer exp .
Terrible customer service	362	RT @phanivankadari : Ver bad customer response by #Citibank #fail ! ! ! !
Credit / Loans	363	"Upset with Citibank 's credit protector program , what a SHAM !"
Timing	366	"UCSD : I hate you for saying I owe 2K , and Citibank : I hate you for not sending my fucking money on time !"
Terrible customer service	368	Hating Citibank ... they 've made some changes to their credit card systems and it is a nightmare of epic proportions .
Terrible customer service	371	Today I realized that Citibank sucks ! Their customer service is horrible .
Credit / Loans	376	"I do not even know how many times ive said fuck you to citibank in the past 4 days , but fuck you again .. process my fucking loan payments ! !"
Thieves (fee)	377	Happily sending me late charge fee even when I paid off my card bills . This is the fucking 3rd time
Worst credit card	378	citibank has the worst credit cards ever .
Terrible customer service	382	Need to find out which @citibank branch does currency exchange in #nyc ? Expect to wait 20 minutes and be told to go to New Haven Ct. #fail
Phone services	408	calling citibank to check the balance on a gift card . this line really sucks .
Interest rate	414	Not only does citibank fund more coal power plants than any other bank - they raise your interest rates &amp;amp ; have terrible customer service .
Terrible customer service	414	Not only does citibank fund more coal power plants than any other bank - they raise your interest rates &amp;amp ; have terrible customer service .
Thieves (fee)	418	annoyed that Citibank US is charging me $5 to resend a tax form I never got .
Fraud detection	420	"Citibank blocks iPad purchase for &amp;quot;possible fraud&amp;quot ; , but did not have a problem allowing 4k in charges to a remote S. African resort #fail"
Fraud detection	421	RT @jeff_lamarche : Fucking citibank declined my iPad payment because it looked &amp;quot;suspicious&amp;quot ; .
Fraud detection	422	RT @jeff_lamarche : Fucking citibank declined my iPad payment because it looked &amp;quot;suspicious&amp;quot ; .
Terrible customer service	424	I joined Twitter just so that I could tell people how UNHELPFUL AND TERRIBLE CITIBANK IS .
Worst credit card	425	OMG Suzi Orman just confirmed . Citibank has the worst credit card percents .
Top management salaries	428	Anyone surprised at the lack of top-tier outcry over Citi 's new chief of PR 's salary ?
Terrible customer service	433	@libreriasjosue very bad service ...
Credit / Loans	434	"@libreriasjosue very bad service ... CITI bank is charging for everything , canceling credit lines , making people crazy !"
Terrible customer service	434	"@libreriasjosue very bad service ... CITI bank is charging for everything , canceling credit lines , making people crazy !"
Thieves (fee)	434	"@libreriasjosue very bad service ... CITI bank is charging for everything , canceling credit lines , making people crazy !"
Incorrect/lack information	435	"wow I thought the m1 citibank was crap , the Tangs card has NOTHING in the CTB Rewards ..."
Bad internet service	436	no way to email or phone Citi 's techies to say their security cert on part of the web site has been failing for days - dbl #Citibank #fail
Worst credit card	438	"Replacement bankcard in 48 hours . I know , I 'm as shocked as anyone ."
Terrible customer service	440	Breaking Now ! Terrible service : I HAD a Citibank supplementary credit card under my father 's name but I rarely use ...
Worst credit card	440	Breaking Now ! Terrible service : I HAD a Citibank supplementary credit card under my father 's name but I rarely use ...
Terrible customer service	441	RT @nstonline : Breaking Now ! Terrible service : I HAD a Citibank supplementary credit card under my father 's name but I rarely use ...
Worst credit card	441	RT @nstonline : Breaking Now ! Terrible service : I HAD a Citibank supplementary credit card under my father 's name but I rarely use ...
Terrible customer service	443	@citibank has the absolute worst customer service .
Terrible customer service	445	I really hate Citibank though we 've been their long-time client . Service is mediocre at best .
Bad internet service	447	"citibank_co_in does not allow you to login again , immediately after logout , unless you close your browser and restart it . #citibank #fail"
Phone services	448	"#citibank , I 'm flabbergasted when I heard e msg on your hotline ."
Interest rate	449	Wtf ... #citibank playing FUCKING GAMES wit my interest ... !
opt-outs on balance transfer	451	Frustrating that Citibank continues to ignore 3 opt-outs on balance transfer cks. Next stop ?
Bad internet service	454	"Someone please tell #citibank_com_sg that 12noon and 12midnight are different , and that 12pm is usually understood to be noon . Farkers #fail"
Bad internet service	456	"Citibank , your student loan site is awful ."
Terrible customer service	457	Nice . Dumped Citibank cards after years for poor customer service .
Fraud detection	461	"Thank you Citibank for the putting a false alarm fraud hold on my CC account and blocking legit transactions , 2nd time in 2 wks. #FAIL"
Incorrect/lack information	462	#FlandersNews ý Belgium~3 Citibank bankers are accused of deceiving customers with the sale of Lehman Bros products #in
Terrible customer service	463	"&amp;quot;Take a number , wait your fucking turn ."
Worst credit card	467	"Citibank card declined again , $40 dinner in SF , guess I broke the bank , gave them my Chase card instead #Citibank #fail"
Terrible customer service	469	Having a sunrise at c bean m Kiara . Cooling off after arguing w incompetent pol at citibank damansara perdana
Worst credit card	471	: Citibank Credit Cards - What Weve Got Here is ý Failure to Communicate !
Fraud detection	473	Almost had a heart attack looking at my Citibank Student Loan account . Turns out it was a false alarm .
Fraud detection	474	Thanks Citibank for the 3RD false alarm fraud alert in 2 weeks .
Worst credit card	477	Stupid ntuc do not accept citibank visa now I have to redraw $150 my stuff as I did not bring my DBS card .... Argh fucking waste my time !
Worst credit card	478	Stupid ntuc do not accept citibank visa now I have to redraw $150 my stuff as I did not bring my DBS card .... Argh fucking waste my time !
Annoying advertising	479	3reason why I refuse XPlor-Citibank promo : 1 . Their telemarketer is annoying ; 2 .
Credit / Loans	480	Home Loan - georgia bad credit home loan on Shine : georgia bad credit home loan citi bank home equity loan home lo ...
Incorrect/lack information	481	@Weirdodo sending links without context is useless .
Annoying advertising	482	@XL123 3reasons why I refuse XPlor-Citibank promo : 1 . The telemarketer is annoying ; 2 .
Junk maik	484	Can not believe the print quality on this junk mail from Citibank .
Terrible customer service	491	"@poojster very bad citi bank ke employees se ab yeh kaam karate hai , clowns pathetic @mac_outlaws"
Terrible customer service	492	Citibank is such a terrible bank with terrible customer service .
Interest rate	493	"by the way , never bank with Citi for any reason , unless you like a 30% interest rate and awful customer service ."
Terrible customer service	493	"by the way , never bank with Citi for any reason , unless you like a 30% interest rate and awful customer service ."
Credit / Loans	494	"Analysts Reports Show Continuing Concern About Bad Loans at Citibank ( NYSE : C ) , Bank of America Corp. ( NYSE : BAC ) , ..."
Thieves (fee)	495	Annoyed by citibank 's fees and lack of benefits .
Thieves (fee)	496	Annoyed by citibank 's fees and lack of benefits .
Phone services	497	Have not got through yet to a human . Citibank #fail #fail !
Worst credit card	499	citibank reject my citiclear . fucking hell .
Mistakes	502	"Worst company in America 2010 : CITIBANK . 2 returned check payments - 1st , from the wrong checkng acct , 2nd - the wrong routing # ."
Terrible customer service	504	I 've just been a victim at Citibank . #customersrevice #fail
Thieves (fee)	508	I just found out that my bank has been charging me $25 a month for a ' service fee ' . what the heck ! ?
Credit / Loans	510	"Really disappointed at #Citibank , one late payment ( 4 days ) in 3 years after moving from CA to NY and credit line cut by 50% !"
Phone services	511	I HATE CITIBANK ! What 's the pt of keying in the Phone banking pin when they still have to ask you 5 fucking verification questions ?
Credit / Loans	513	Home Loan - georgia bad credit home loan on Shine : georgia bad credit home loan citi bank home equity loan home lo ...
Thieves (fee)	514	I 've been annoyed with citibank since e Annual Fees fiasco ..
Fraud detection	516	Citibank cut my card for 3 days due to &amp;quot;inappropriate/Illegal&amp;quot ; usage . I do not remember purchasing inappropriate items ..
account is all screwed up	517	my citibank account is all screwed up and my house was broken into over the weekend .
Thieves (fee)	518	Really upset with @citibank new fee policy .
Annoying advertising	520	Why do I need to verify my nric with the fucking telemarketer frm citibank to remove my mobile frm their calling list ? ? ?
Worst credit card	521	is annoyed that Citibank took so long but glad her card is fixed
Thieves (fee)	524	@blah_blah_idc smdh I 'm about to call Obama and tell him to tell Citibank stop with the fucking overdraft fees ! ! !
Security	525	Can anyone confirm ? #Citibank #security #dataloss #fail #rumor #rumour
Fraud detection	526	SCAMS : Citibank Scam ! ! ! ! : Scam are not always the actions of some anonymous bad guy .
Fraud detection	527	At Citibank : End of the night ! ! ! Grrrrr Papaya login via Facebook is broken ! ! !
Thieves (fee)	528	Citibank is my mortgage company . Well my past two pays were real crappy d/t taking care of family ...
Credit / Loans	530	Obama Sued Citibank Under CRA to Force it to Make Bad Loans : Do you remember how we told you that the Democrats an ...
Terrible customer service	531	Citibank credit card customer service sucks beyond belief .
Worst credit card	531	Citibank credit card customer service sucks beyond belief .
Incorrect/lack information	532	ECR Citibank credit report information is reliable ? ý Citibank Poor ý : Citibank offers customers the opportunity t ...
Incorrect/lack information	533	ECR Citibank credit report information is reliable ? ý Citibank Poor ý : Citibank offers customers the o ..
Terrible customer service	535	Fuck you Citibank for waking me up so early .
Worst credit card	536	"@charlestrippy The problem with Blippy reportedly impacts Citibank Mastercard holders , and no others . Still , a bad bug ."
Thieves (fee)	537	Citibank are ninjas at catching fraudulent charges .
Terrible customer service	539	idiot from citibank called asking for CASTILA . I said wrong number and hung up .
Terrible customer service	540	"I said wrong number and hung up . economy so bad , you hire dyslexics ?"
Worst credit card	542	"Small changes , big results : 5 things that marketers can now ... : Citibank Poor Credit Cards apply now for citibank ..."
Terrible customer service	545	@kellipoliska The worst Customer Service experience I ever received was definitely #Citibank
Terrible customer service	546	@BillMcCabe I 've been going rounds with Comcast and Verizon customer service reps all week . I 've heard bad things about Citibank too .
Worst credit card	547	: Welcome to Tanzania ! ý Citibank Poor Credit Cards
Worst credit card	548	"Welcome to Tanzania ! ý Citibank Poor Credit Cards : There are more than 30 banks with Barclay 's , Standard Chartered ..."
Worst credit card	549	Welcome to Tanzania ! ý Citibank Poor Credit Cards
Worst credit card	550	Welcome to Tanzania ! ý Citibank Poor Credit Cards
Worst credit card	551	"Welcome to Tanzania ! ý Citibank Poor Credit Cards : Credit cards are accepted in hotels and restaurants , some very ..."
Worst credit card	552	Welcome to Tanzania ! ý Citibank Poor Credit Cards : Credit cards are accepted in hotels and restaur ...
Worst credit card	553	Welcome to Tanzania ! ý Citibank Poor Credit Cards : The city is divided into four different areas : the &amp;quot;center&amp;quot ; is ...
Worst credit card	555	Welcome to Tanzania ! ý Citibank Poor Credit Cards
Credit / Loans	556	Why did Professor Obama force Citi Bank to give bad loans to minorities ?
Credit / Loans	557	Why did Professor Obama sue Citi Bank to force them to give bad loans ?
Interest rate	558	just logged on to my credit card account to find my rate unexpectedly jumped 4% .
Worst credit card	560	"Citibank ? ? ? ? ? ? 2010 , 3 ý Citibank Poor Credit Cards"
Terrible customer service	562	Bodo lah CITIBANK ! Your service is CRAP ! ! ! !
IVR system	564	Having nightmare with Citibank IVR system .
IVR system	565	#VB2 : Having nightmare with Citibank IVR system .
Terrible customer service	566	#citibank creditcard service sucks big time .
Worst credit card	566	#citibank creditcard service sucks big time .
Phone services	568	No customer service at Citibank . Lack of phone access to human .
Terrible customer service	568	No customer service at Citibank . Lack of phone access to human .
Worst credit card	569	so I have decided to closed that citibank card of mine .. I was so disappointed by what happened
Phone services	570	#citibank telephone banking sucks .
Worst credit card	571	"Car loan for the new and old ý Citibank Poor Credit Cards : In India , auto loans for new cars , used cars and car pa ..."
Worst credit card	572	Car loan for the new and old ý Citibank Poor Credit Cards
Worst credit card	573	"Car loan for the new and old ý Citibank Poor Credit Cards : In India , auto loans for new cars , used cars and car pa ..."
Worst credit card	574	Car loan for the new and old ý Citibank Poor Credit Cards
Bad internet service	575	interesting error msg from #citibank Am I logged in or logged out ? #ux #usability #fail
Bad internet service	576	RT @harikrishnanc interesting error msg from #citibank Am I logged in or logged out ? #ux #usability #fail
Thieves (fee)	578	RT @MoveYourMoney : Ridiculous RT @SpecKK : Citibank charges a $1 balance inquiry fee on top of the $1.5+$3 ATM withdrawal fee ?
Phone services	581	"Great , I call my American bank and I get a call center in Indian , with the worst phone connection ever ! ! !"
Terrible customer service	582	Fucking Citibank CSO and her accent pissed me off in the morning .
strange transactions	585	Make sure you check your bill statement every month . They might add strange transactions to yr acct !
Mistakes	588	"So Citibank enter an incorrect amt compared to my chq ; chq goes back , they ask me to pay online , which I do , then they represent that chq ? !"
Fraud detection	590	Bad news : Somebody in Hawaii charged porn to my credit card .
Terrible customer service	591	"But their systems are so archaic , that they are customer unfriendly .. #citibank #fail"
Terrible customer service	594	@citibank customer service poor
Incorrect/lack information	611	"Citibank , Thanks for letting me know you sent me a new card ( wrong address ) making the one in my wallet unusable &amp;amp ; , fuck yourselves"
Incorrect/lack information	614	"Citibank , thank you for giving me wrong information so I walked all the way to the branch with all my change ..."
Phone services	619	I think Citibank Philippines has a lousy call center .
Phone services	620	I think Citibank Philippines has a lousy call center . I always get unprofessional customer service reps when I call them .
Terrible customer service	620	I think Citibank Philippines has a lousy call center . I always get unprofessional customer service reps when I call them .
Terrible customer service	622	"... I wanted to do some banking before work , only to find out fucking Citibank doesnt open till 9:30 ( I do not normally bank w/ them ) ."
